### About examples
We provide three examples here to demonstrate the results consistent with the findings in the paper.

- The first example, provided in example_0.ipynb, showcases a case generated by only-palette. The base colors and the generated results correspond to our teaser. 
It can be observed that when combined with visualization, the spatial distribution of data becomes particularly important.

- The second example, provided in example_1.ipynb, illustrates a case of flat color assignment for grid visualization. 
This example is similar to Figure 7 in the paper but includes more categories, making it more challenging.

- The third example, provided in example_2.ipynb, showcases a case of hierarchical color assignment for grid visualization. This example is similar to Figure 1 and Figure 8 in the paper but is more complex. The results for ours-s are quite good,
but in ours-d, the yellow and green are somewhat confused. This is a future problem because the colors of the parent categories are too far apart, which is sometimes unavoidable.

- It is worth mentioning that here we simply provide the visualizations, which differ from those in the paper. 
In the paper, the visualizations include bold white borders for each class, which helps to highlight the categories. This is a common technique used in grid visualization.

- Finally, it should be noted that our method inherently possesses some degree of randomness, which is unavoidable. However, better results can be achieved through multiple experiments.
